Update Generics terminology document (#3048)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/design/generics/terminology.md

  <tr>
   <td>name lookup resolved for definitions in isolation ("early")
   </td>

>    <td>name lookup can use information from calls (name lookup may be "late")

Reviewer: Optional drive-by fix:

```suggestion
   <td>name lookup can use information from arguments (name lookup may be "late")
```

    `template T:! type`.

The last two binding patterns, which are about binding a compile-time value, are
called _constant binding patterns_, and correspond to those binding patterns
that use `:!`.

The name being declared, which is the identifier to the left of the `:` or `:!`,
is called a _binding_, or more specifically a _runtime binding_, _constant
binding_, _symbolic binding_, or _template binding_. The expression to the right
defining the type of the binding pattern is called the _binding type
expression_, a kind of [type expression](#type-expression). For example, in
`T:! Hashable`, `T` is the binding (a symbolic binding in this case), and
`Hashable` is the binding type expression.

## Types and `type`

A _type_ is a value of type `type`. Conversely, `type` is the type of all types.

Expressions in type position, for example a [binding type expression](#bindings)
or the return type of a function, are implicitly cast to type `type`. This means
that it is legal to put a value that is not a type where a type is expected, as
long as it has an implicit conversion to `type` that may be performed at compile
time.

## Facet type

> 

Reviewer: After this PR, a lot of uses of the term "type-of-type" will link here. I assume you're planning to update them in a separate PR in order to keep this one small, but I'd prefer to minimize even temporary inconsistency. As an alternative to fixing all those usages in this PR, how about something like this?

```suggestion

> **TODO:** Documents using the obsolete term "type-of-type" should be
> updated to say "facet type" instead.

```

A facet type is the type used when declaring some type parameter. It foremost
determines which types are legal arguments for that type parameter. For template
parameters, that is all a facet type does. For checked parameters, it also
determines the API that is available in the body of the definition of the
[generic function, class, or other entity](#generic-means-compile-time-parameterized).

## Facet

A _facet_ is a value of a [facet type](#facet-type). For example,
`i32 as Hashable` is a facet, and `Hashable` is a facet type. Note that all
types are facets, since [`type`](#types-and-type) is considered a facet type.
Not all facets are types, though: `i32 as Hashable` is of type `Hashable` not
`type`, so it is a facet that is not a type. However, in places where a type is
expected, for example in a [binding type expression](#bindings) or after the
`->` in a function declaration, there is an automatic implicit conversion to
`type`. This means that a facet may be used in those positions. For example, the
facet `i32 as Hashable` will implicitly convert to `(i32 as Hashable) as type`,
which is `i32`, in those contexts.

## Type expression

> A _type expression_ is an expression that is being used as a type. In some

Reviewer: I continue to be uncomfortable defining "type expression" to be a property of the context, not a property of the expression itself. Would this work instead?

```suggestion
A _type expression_ is an expression that can be used as a type. In some
```

cases, what is written in the source code is a value, like a [facet](#facet) or
tuple of types, that is not a type but has an implicit conversion to `type`. In
those cases, we are concerned with the type value after the implicit conversion.

## Facet binding

We use the term _facet binding_ to refer to the name introduced by a
[constant binding pattern](#bindings) (using `:!` with or without the `template`

> modifier) with a [facet type](#facet-type). In the binding pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modifier) where the declared type is a [facet type](#facet-type). In the binding pattern
```

#### Early versus late type checking

Early type checking is where expressions and statements are type checked when
the definition of the function body is compiled, as part of definition checking.
This occurs for regular and checked-generic values.

Late type checking is where expressions and statements may only be fully
typechecked once calling information is known. Late type checking delays
complete definition checking. This occurs for
[template-dependent](#dependent-names) values.

## Bindings

_Binding patterns_ associate a name with a type and a value. This is used to
declare function parameters, in `let` and `var` declarations, as well as to
declare [generic parameters](#generic-means-compile-time-parameterized). There
are three kinds of binding patterns, corresponding to
[the three value phases](/docs/design/README.md#value-categories-and-value-phases):

-   A _runtime binding pattern_ binds to a dynamic value at runtime, and is
    written using a `:`, as in `x: i32`.
-   A _symbolic constant binding pattern_ or _symbolic binding pattern_ binds to
    a compile-time value that is not known when type checking, and is used to

>     declare [checked generics](#checked-versus-template-parameters) parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    declare [checked generic](#checked-versus-template-parameters) parameters.
```

An _impl_ is an implementation of an interface for a specific type, called the
_implementing type_. It is the place where the function bodies are defined,
values for associated constants, etc. are given. Implementations are needed for
[nominal interfaces](#nominal-interfaces);
[structural interfaces](#structural-interfaces) and
[named constraints](#named-constraints) define conformance implicitly instead of
by requiring an impl to be defined. In can still make sense to explicitly
implement a named constraint as a way to implement all of the interfaces it
requires.

### Extending an impl

> A type that _extends_ the implementation an interface has all the named members

Reviewer: This terminology suggests that there's a point in time where the implementation exists, but hasn't yet been extended, which doesn't match my intuition (or the syntax, where `extend` comes first). Could we instead say the type "extends the interface", or "implements the interface as an extension"?

Author: The _syntax_ we decided on is `extend impl as`..., so I'm trying to make the terminology match. We are going to have other kinds of extending (base class, mixin), so whatever terminology we use should hopefully work consistently across those cases.

Author: @zygoloid pointed out to me that it is in fact possible (though weird) to implement an interface for a type that is forward declared, and it only extends when the class is later defined.

Reviewer 2: I think you would be able to define the implementation first and extend it later:
```carbon
class A;
impl A as X { fn F() {} }
class A {
  extend impl A as X;
}
```
... though this is certainly not going to be the common case. But I think the implication that defining the implementation and extending it are separate steps is a correct implication.

An _impl_ is an implementation of an interface for a specific type, called the
_implementing type_. It is the place where the function bodies are defined,
values for associated constants, etc. are given. Implementations are needed for
[nominal interfaces](#nominal-interfaces);
[structural interfaces](#structural-interfaces) and
[named constraints](#named-constraints) define conformance implicitly instead of
by requiring an impl to be defined. In can still make sense to explicitly
implement a named constraint as a way to implement all of the interfaces it
requires.

### Extending an impl

> A type that _extends_ the implementation an interface has all the named members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type that _extends_ the implementation of an interface has all the named members
```

DoAdd(apple, orange);
```

The type of an interface parameters and associated constants is commonly a

> [facet type](#facet-type), but not always. For example, one might have an
> integer type and be used to specify the size of an array type.

Reviewer 2: I misread "one might have an integer type" as "[a person] might have an integer type" at first. Maybe:

```suggestion
[facet type](#facet-type), but not always. For example, an interface parameter
that specifies an array bound might have an integer type.
```
